The assets of the balance sheet are divided into two main groups as "Current assets" and "Fixed assets". Current assets consist of sub-accounts such as bank accounts, receivables to be collected in a short time and product stocks of the company. Note that such assets have the ability to cash in or swiftly move into cash, and we can call returning assets "liquid assets. 
Fixed assets include immovable (tangible fixed assets) such as partnerships (financial fixed assets), trademarks, patents and license rights (intangible fixed assets), possessed buildings or machines, ownership of investments and long-term receivables as well as assets that are not readily convertible into cash. The sum of current assets and fixed assets is called "total assets".
An entity's asset structure may vary depending on the sector in which it is active, for example, assets held by industrial companies may be proportionately higher in the total assets, while those operating in the service sector may be expected to have a higher proportion of current assets. Generally, the structure of the asset is questioned in terms of "liquidity". For example; there is a risk that the liquid assets of enterprises with short-term liabilities are not sufficient.
Liability is composed of "Short-term liabilities", "Long-term liabilities" and "Equity" account groups. In summary, short-term liabilities consist of loans and trade payables that the operator must pay in a short period of less than 1 year and long-term liabilities consist of financial and commercial liabilities to be payable after 1 year. For example; An entity that will receive an investment loan with a maturity of 10 years will pay a short-term portion in the next year and the remaining portion is a long-term financial obligation.
Equity, or, in other words, equity, is the accumulation of profits from capital and past years that it has put into operation in proportion to the partnerships of its business partners. In this case; it is seen that assets (assets) are funded by financial and commercial debts and equity (passive) when considering the balance sheet structure. It is generally welcomed that the self capital is strong, that is, the debts on the passive side of the balance are lower than the equity capital. The balance sheet can be expressed in the simplest form by the following formula:

assets = debts + capital

The balance sheet is periodically presented as "interim" and "year-end". 3rd, 6th and 9th months of the year, the balance sheet issued at the 12th month is called "year end balance sheet". From an analytical point of view, the calculations are tracked for interim periods or are used in comparison with the balance sheet periods in previous years.
